# Project Two
by Celeste Tran
# Project Overview
First, my definition of community is the people who I feel like are my soulmates, people who I met at a time in my life when I really needed them, they bring you up when you're down, whether that's loved ones or best friends. I have a very small group of people, close knit friends who are my immediate community, but all give me the sense of belonging and a comforting feeling just from being in their presence, even after moving away from college, we still pick up right where we left off, and it feels like nothing has changed, and sometimes we even finish each other's sentences out loud. These people are my little safe space, my little community of people who pick me up and hold me in their arms and let me know things will be okay when life gets rough, and I feel like the song Strong by One Direction really puts this definition of leaning on others and having vulnerability into perspective, that showing your emotions will only make you stronger, especially when you have a community supporting you. One verse that connects to the idea that my friends and I are a community is "Pages between us, Written with no end" which is genuinely how it feels when I'm with them, like I want them in my life, by my side for the rest of time.

# Technical Overview
For the design of the website, the first colors that came to mind were a grey (for the background), and a navy blue for the text. Immediately, I had the idea to have the fonts change when you hover over certain words, to indicate that there's a page change, or an incoming transition. I wanted the page to be a seamless horizontal scroll, so it tells a story rather than just being pretty to look at. I also want the cursor to change to help indicate the page changes. When you hover over a specific word, each having a fade up animation, scale increases, the color, font and cursor will all change in order to full emphasize that things are changing, and the "story" being told is progressing. I'm planning to go from a lighter blue to a darker blue, and have it go from a regular handwriting like font to a script/cursive font to indicate those changes. 

# Acknowledgment
code from https://www.w3schools.com/html/ and https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp, lyrics from https://genius.com/One-direction-strong-lyrics